SUBJECT: Getting Your Biggest Affiliate Returns

{!firstname_fix},

Welcome to the fifth of a five day free e-Course on how to
become an elite Super Affiliate! You can become the top
affiliate marketer in any niche and we want to show you how. So,
stick around for this free discussion.

http://zzzzz.chiaewen.hop.clickbank.net


Once you have identified a profitable niche to dive into, it’s
time to choose affiliate programs that will give you the highest
returns to your efforts. As a super affiliate, you will not
choose just any products but hand pick specific ones that will
reward you the most for your efforts in the long haul.

The very first thing to look out for is the commission
structure. The commission is the determining factor about how
much can be earned by promoting a product. Some products will
offer recurring commission but a clear idea about commission can
help you well in planning your business for the future. 

While commission varies from product to product, for digital
products, you should pick products that have a generous 50-75%
commission and have a minimum payout of $20.00 per sale. Refund
rates are also something to be in the lookout for. Refunds are
normal in any affiliate business. This is because there are
sometimes fraudulent purchases and some customers that simply
take the product for a free ride. However, this is only a small
percentage of the market. 

So, when choosing a product, go for products where the refund
rates are less than 10%. Most of the niches would have an
average refund rate of 5-7%. The make money online niche would
have a higher refund rate of about 10%. If there are products
that have anything higher than this value, just stay away.

It is also best to select affiliate programs where their
products have recurring billings, normally on a monthly basis,
or have back end sales. This way you get paid for the long run
and also get paid more for the same effort!

We hope that you have enjoyed the e-Course over the last five
days and hope that you have found this information both useful
and helpful.


http://zzzzz.chiaewen.hop.clickbank.net

To Your Success, 
YOUR NAME

