Title: 
What you have to know to become a top affiliate and earn money online.

Word Count:
302

Summary:
If you want to be a top affiliate there are important things that you should know before begin promoting an affiliate program. If you follow these recommendations you will save time and money on the steps to enrichment.


Keywords:
make money on line


Article Body:
If you want to be a top affiliate there are important things that you should know before begin promoting an affiliate program. If you follow these recommendations you will save time and money on the steps to enrichment.

1 The first and very important thing that you have to do is to create a memorable domain name for your website, since this will be essential to branding yourself on the Web.

2 According to some experts you must also build a relationship by capturing email address for a free article or opt-in newsletter or maybe giving a free gift, the idea behind is to promote affiliate programs by emails.

3 The third thing you have to do and is one of the best ways for promotion consists in writing articles for ezines and newsletters, like this one that you are reading, with your resource box at the bottom of articles.

4 The fourth thing you have to do is to maintain your web site on a daily basis. The main thing is to generate a lot of contents and information, but useful and related to your website, through articles and interviews, among others.

5 If you want to offer products, just choose a few good ones and concentrate your energies on selling them, otherwise you will spent a lot of time and will not earn what you expected.

6 You should never use the ad headlines provided by the affiliate program, because all the other affiliates may use it, what is a terrible mistake; therefore write your own profit-producing ad copy and headlines.

7 You should reinvest all of your profits to market your business in the first months, doing the most that you can automatizing your website, the better.

Of course, there are many other techniques, but you must start doing right now and stop to learn forever.


