Title: 
Which Affiliate Programs Do I Personally Recommend?

Word Count:
1179

Summary:
I personally receive over a dozen checks and commission payments every month from various affiliate programs that I promote. 

Last month, those checks totaled more than $10,000 and some months they have been as high as $25,000.

Given my success as an affiliate marketer, I'm often asked what affiliate programs I personally recommend. 

The answer is easy because it's actually a pretty short list.

First, let me explain what an affiliate program is. 

Affiliate prog...


Keywords:
Small Business , Affiliate programs


Article Body:
I personally receive over a dozen checks and commission payments every month from various affiliate programs that I promote. 

Last month, those checks totaled more than $10,000 and some months they have been as high as $25,000.

Given my success as an affiliate marketer, I'm often asked what affiliate programs I personally recommend. 

The answer is easy because it's actually a pretty short list.

First, let me explain what an affiliate program is. 

Affiliate programs are used by monster companies like Amazon, eBay, and many others to recruit resellers (affiliates) to help bring customers to their websites. 

But the affiliate programs I prefer are those offered by smaller companies that sell digital products online. Those are the programs that pay up to 75% commission, while most larger companies may pay just a few percent.

You can join an affiliate program usually by applying online at the company's website. Being accepted into the program gives you the right to market the company's products as an independent reseller and receive commissions when you make a sale. 

I've looked at hundreds of affiliate programs over the years and have come up with my own personal Top 10 Affiliate Programs that I actively participate in and heartily recommend. 

Some of these programs require that you pay a membership fee and some do not. The reason some programs charge a fee (including my own affiliate programs) is because you get more value as an affiliate. 

In most cases you get a full-blown website from which to sell the products and copies of most - if not all - of the products you'll be selling. For example, I charge $124.50 to join my program, but you get access to over $500 in products. 

To make my list of the Top Affiliate Programs is not an easy task. 

First of all, I have to personally be an affiliate of the program and must have earned considerable sums to prove its validity. 

To make my list the program must also:

Offer quality products that offer real value, no fluff 
Offer high commissions (30% minimum, 50% preferred) 
Offer 2 tier commissions (if the 1st tier payout is substantial, I can live with a single tier)

Have a proven track record of success 
Have a spotless reputation 
Pay commissions on time, every time 
Have well-known affiliates who will vouch for the program 
Be more than 6 months old 
Have a low rate or returns 
Be referred to me by someone I trust. 
That last one's a biggie for me. If one of my peers recommends a program, I know it's going to be good. 

So, here is my personal Top 10 Affiliate Programs that make me thousands of dollars every month and with a little time and effort, there is no reason they can't do the same for you. 

These are the programs that I personally participate in and recommend. If you're serious about starting your own affiliate marketing empire, take a close look at these. 

Internet Marketing Center

IMC was founded by the late Corey Rudl and is now headed up by Derek Gehl, Corey's right hand man. IMC racked up $40 million in sales and pays out hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to their affiliates. Their products are top notch, as is the support and the commissions. I regularly get checks from IMC that range from $3,000 to $7,000 a month. This program is free to join.

Click for details 
DropshipDesign Turnkey Websites

This is the only turnkey dropship website company that I recommend and I have been their affiliate for 2 years now. I regularly earn $500 to $1,000 week as an affiliate and also have my own turnkey dropship product site that brings in revenue from orders placed by customers. You must sign on as a customer first, but doing so gets you your own turnkey website and affiliate marketing rights.

Click for details 
Hot Item Finder

Dave Guindon is one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet online. He's also one of the most talented programmers and product creators. His flagship product, Hot Item Finder, helps users identify what's hot and what's not on eBay. It's one of the best eBay related products I've ever seen. Dave's affiliate program is also tops in my book. His product converts like crazy and his support is second to none.

Click for details 
1stPromotion.com

No one knows affiliate marketing better than Rick Davies and his brother Ron. They are considered "The Masters" at making a six-figure affiliate income from home with affiliate marketing. Using that expertise, the brothers Davies have created 1stPromotion.com, which is quickly becoming the top Clickbank affiliate site on the planet. Their turnkey system is great for beginners at an extremely low cost.

Click for details 
CBMall (Clickbank Mall)

I personally earn several thousand dollars in passive income every month with this system and there's no reason you can't do the same... and the great thing is, you don't even need a website to get started! No monthly charges. Great for beginners.

Click for details 
Automatic Money Machine

Howard Mooreland's Automatic Money Machine has proven itself to be one of the top programs. Howard offers big commissions and his sales pages convert like mad. I never fail to generate hundreds of dollars anytime I promote Howard's products, which help users build a web site in just a couple of hours that can literally start generating money instantly.

Click for details 
Emergency Cash Generators

James Jones always delivers by providing his affiliates with excellent products that sell like mad. I have done so well promoting James' new book, Emergency Cash Generators, 101 Profit Generating Techniques, that it jumped into my Top 10 after just one month. You can't miss affiliating with James.

Click for details 
MyClickPages.com

MyClickPages.com is the program I created specifically for Clickbank affiliates. http://MyClickPages.com gives you a complete, professionally designed website from which you can sell my Clickbank registered products. I pay 50% commission on all sales. It's free to join, but please only do so if you are serious about affiliate marketing.

Click for details 
DropshipWholesale.net

Naturally I have to recommend my own affiliate program. Yes, I charge for the affiliate license, but I also give affiliates a full blown website and copies of all my products and my track record is 2nd to none. I signed checks last year that paid out over several hundred thousand dollars to affiliates in 2004, so I know it works.

Click for details 
Prosperity & Profits

My P&P affiliate program is one of the top programs on the web for serious internet marketers. As a P&P member and affiliate you get access to every section of the P&P website, including the wholesale database, the business opportunity and franchise database, the extensive ebook library, and more. Commissions are 50% of sales and paid monthly by check.

Click for details 
There you go, my personal Top 10 Affiliate Programs, but don't think that is the definitive list. There are tens of thousands of products and companies that you can sign on with as an affiliate and earn commissions.

You can find most of them listed at Clickbank or Commission Junction.


