Title: 
Why Super Affiliates Start With People

Word Count:
609

Summary:
The average affiliate marketer just goes out and finds a product… any product that has a high commission… and throws up a link and sits back and HOPES that someone will click on it and buy the product. DON’T BE AVERAGE!

When you’re deciding what product to add to your affiliate marketing business, you really shouldn’t be looking at products at all! Instead, like a true super affiliate, you should be looking at people


Keywords:
super affiliates, super affiliate, affiliate, affiliates


Article Body:
======> Important Note For Article Directory Owners <======
If you want to earn a HUGE 60% commission, simply replace "4u2share" in the URL in the resource box with your own ClickBank ID. e.g. if your ClickBank ID is XXXXXX then the resource URL should now look like: http://CopySuperAffiliates.com/ebook/XXXXXX  
For more info email: jeremiah@copysuperaffiliates.com 
======> Delete This Note When Done - Thank You <======


The average affiliate marketer just goes out and finds a product… any product that has a high commission… and throws up a link and sits back and HOPES that someone will click on it and buy the product. DON’T BE AVERAGE!

When you’re deciding what product to add to your affiliate marketing business, you really shouldn’t be looking at products at all! Instead, like a true super affiliate, you should be looking at people!

Become A Problem Solver

All super affiliates know that Products don’t buy products… people buy products! If you don’t know what the people who are a part of your niche are having problems with, are interested in, and are talking about then how can you fix their problem and sell something to them?

Super Affiliates Know Their Niche

Once you’ve decided upon a niche, you need to be a part of that niche… even if it’s just briefly. Do as the super affiliates do… Learn to talk the talk and walk the walk. 

That’s extremely simple. Just do a search for forums that relate to your niche. Go to them and sign up. Read the posts on that forum. See what problems people are complaining about… see what topics are getting a lot of posts…see who the experts are in that niche.

As A Super Affiliate You Need To Study Your Market

Sign up for a newsletter or two. That will give you a good idea of the level of marketing in that niche and will also let you learn the “lingo” of the niche. See what products they are talking about and trying to sell. This will also give you an idea of whom to JV with when you start your own affiliate program for your own product or service!

Give Them What They Really Want

Before you start your campaign ask questions on the forums. Get to know some of the people. Build relationships with them. Give them the opportunity to get to know and trust you. After you’re an accepted member of the forum, ask them if they’d mind doing a survey for you in exchange for a nice gift. That’s when they actually tell you what they want and will buy!

When reviewing or recommending a product or service ask yourself… would I recommend this to my family and friends… is it of use and would they get value from it? It’s always best if you have used the product or service yourself first. This way you can give an honest review. 

To make your review more believable, don’t just simply tell them how wonderful it is (which I’m sure it is), tell them what you didn’t like about it too. This will give your report more creditability and readers will put more trust in you.

By putting people first instead of the product you’ll have much greater success and elevate your status from that of an affiliate who just puts tons of links out their and hope some will stick, to someone who cares about his customers and goes that extra mile, therefore, earning the reputation as a super affiliate and huge repeat commissions for years to come.


