Title: 
Why Some Affiliates Don’t Make Enough Money

Word Count:
457

Summary:
Affiliate marketing is most probably the key to the survival and progress of many cyberspace businesses. And this is why affiliates are being sought everywhere by almost every online company. One traditional marketing arm will not be sufficient for one online business who will be competing with other online companies which are offering the same products and services. Thus, affiliate marketing is very vital.

Fortunately, many people with business blood in their veins realiz...


Keywords:
affiliate marketing, promotion


Article Body:
Affiliate marketing is most probably the key to the survival and progress of many cyberspace businesses. And this is why affiliates are being sought everywhere by almost every online company. One traditional marketing arm will not be sufficient for one online business who will be competing with other online companies which are offering the same products and services. Thus, affiliate marketing is very vital.

Fortunately, many people with business blood in their veins realize the important role of affiliate marketing in e-commerce. And conducting affiliate marketing seems like a relatively easy method that even a person without a masters degree in business can do it. This is why there are many affiliates signing-up everyday. These new affiliates are supposed to open the doors of new leads for the online business. But nothing like that is happening 

Many affiliates are not earning enough money and they find no significant activity going on in their websites. Is affiliate marketing a mistake? The answer is “no”. This practice is based on sound marketing concepts. And the major reason why most affiliates don’t earn enough money is that they have committed one or more of these mistakes.

Mistake #1: Hard Selling

An affiliate must not do “hard selling”, which is basically shoving the product down the throat of the customer. An affiliate should leave the “hard selling” part to the website of the online business. The affiliate’s own website should not contain anything that resembles “hard selling”.

What an affiliate must do in his website is to “pre-sell”. To pre-sell is to slowly convince the visitor of the importance of a service or a product by having excellent, information-laden, and authoritative content. Then, the affiliate will “suggest” an action for the visitor, which may be to check out the service or the product.

Mistake #2: Too Flashy Websites

An affiliate is supposed to respond to the need of the visitor, which is to obtain information. This means that the affiliate’s website should have information. Unfortunately, some affiliates are lured into making their websites into one electronic show, in which there are too many banners and too many “blinking” features that seek attention.

If there are too many banners and too few content, the visitor will most probably roll his eyes and hit the back button.

Mistake #3: Ignoring Search Engine Optimization

Activity in the affiliate’s website can be increased if the website’s URL ends up in the results page of search engines. Otherwise, the affiliate’s website is doomed to silence. It simply becomes a lifeless stone in the ever increasing world of e-commerce.

A person who intends to make more money in affiliate marketing should re-evaluate his website and determine if he has committed the mistakes described here.


