Title: 
Working With Online Bookmakers As An Affiliate Marketer

Word Count:
587

Summary:
Thousands of people each and every day attempt to raid the online bookmakers' pockets, placing bets on a wide variety of sporting events. Unfortunately for the majority of these the percentages back the bookmaker and therefore some will win but some will inevitably lose. It seems like an impossible situation, barring a radically successful betting technique, which is improbable to the point of being impossible, or becoming an online bookmaker yourself, ways in which to beat t...


Keywords:
Working with Online Bookmakers as an Affiliate Marketer


Article Body:
Thousands of people each and every day attempt to raid the online bookmakers' pockets, placing bets on a wide variety of sporting events. Unfortunately for the majority of these the percentages back the bookmaker and therefore some will win but some will inevitably lose. It seems like an impossible situation, barring a radically successful betting technique, which is improbable to the point of being impossible, or becoming an online bookmaker yourself, ways in which to beat the system seem slightly limited. However if, rather than trying to fight against the sports betting sites, you decide to take a step back and join them you may well be on the right tracks to turning losses into profits in no time.

Without having to spend a penny or lock horns with the gambling fraternity, an Internet user of any skill can earn money from the sports betting industry. They can do so by joining one of the many affiliate-marketing programs available within the industry. It may sound a little speculative or even downright crazy, but affiliate marketing is actually one of the most successful ways for the common man and the big industries to profit from the Internet.

It works by simply rewarding persons who choose to host advertisements on their site, with a cash reward or a percentage of the profits from each player who clicks on them. Website owners can sign up to these affiliate programs for free and even receive all the advertising and marketing paraphernalia that is required as a part of the bundle. There are no hidden catches or risks involved, all that a sports betting site requires is a small area on the site in which to place an advertisement.

In exchange for this free enterprise advertising opportunity a sports betting affiliate has the potential to tap into one of the most unique online affiliate programs. Rather than offering a small percentage of a sale or an up front fee, the affiliates can choose to earn as a sports betting site earns it's money. To explain, each time a player loses money a sports betting site gains that money. However if that player has joined via the links of one of the many affiliate links on the Internet, that affiliate will receive a percentage of each lost bet. These percentages can range anywhere between 15 and 35%, depending on the level of the affiliate and a number of intricacies within the affiliate program. So each an every time a player bets an affiliate can earn up to 35% of that bet if it is lost.

However as it is gambling, players often win as well as lose, therefore some may question whether they are liable to lose cash should a player go on a rampant winning streak. The answer to this is a simple 'no'. Most affiliate programs offer their members a sort of protection, as they pay at monthly or bi-weekly intervals, they have the opportunity to tot up the overall revenue. This process takes into account all of the wins and the losses encountered by all of the players that each affiliate represents. If this is a minus figure, the affiliate will not be held liable. The sports betting site foots the bill and the affiliate has to simply settle for receiving no money in that period. However the more players playing for an affiliate, the less likely this is to occur. Therefore the onus is on them to bring in more customers, which in turn benefits both them and the sports betting site.


